Well, that's the anniversary of the year marselle became smarter
and a lot and not enough for me ten years all
also school all also with microphone
pushing you for your rap
kinda worthy that be the same i'm not in
course time water
childish eyes on the life of the music
studio monitors city roads
familiar city ​​hero mother Volga if
I sound in your ears does not mean simply
so wants are in demand
The scale of lice is grateful to those who are me
believe
with you i'm stronger than a hundred my family
doubly health and happiness if it were not for you
I do not
really my way is just
start quality quantity you you
rocked my sunrises linea verses hello
my inhibitions my rhyme do you hear it my
the way is just the beginning quality
the amount of you it shook my sunrises
catch poems hello and my bans may
rhyme do you hear it i don't want a plane and
cars tanks
I want my studio to write my truth
to hear all the la vibration light and there
no doubt
pray for a couplet in which only truth
I like to play early
football with your boys in the winter on the rink
how many miles home blue stone
defending a weak volcano I promise I know what
ahead of the road to or will bruise and
abrasions
poems on paper will live corrected
Alan is not the world unrighteous and your baile
hide being young alla sound words
stuffed it's ok you with you but you
don't care about your show
your kents are exactly like me
10 ka I have one more plus my way is
only the beginning of quality quantity
you and you rocked May dawn
catch poems hello and my bans may
stick you hear it my way it only
just the beginning quality quantity you something
rocked my sunrises
la juicy like hello and my bans may
rhythm can you hear it